The information below is an overview of Western 
Red Cedar grades and the characteristics within 
each. For more details about grading rules please 
visit the website of the Western Red Cedar Lumber 
Association at www.wrcla.org.
Clear Grades 
Clear Vertical Grain Heart (CVG) The highest  
grade available. Many pieces completely clear,  
others have minor imperfections that do not  
detract from their fine appearance. Pieces have  
excellent dimensional stability and hold all types  
of finishes exceptionally well.
Aye & Better (A&BTR) Permits more  
imperfections than Clear Heart. Grade 
is still restricted to pieces with excellent  
appearance. Pieces are of mixed grain  
(vertical and flat).
C and Better Clear (C&BTR) High quality  
lumber for use where appearance is important.
D and Better Clear (D&BTR) This grade  
permits larger and more numerous  
natural characteristics.
Rustic This siding grade is recommended when 
the distinctive charm of a saw textured face  
is desired. Grade allows limited characteristics  
that do not detract from serviceability.
B Clear (BEE) This siding grade permits  
slightly more numerous and larger growth  
characteristics. It is nevertheless highly  
serviceable and often yields short lengths  
of fine appearance from longer stock.
Knotty Grades 
Select Knotty (SK) Knots and other natural  
features define the visual character of knotty  
grades. Select knotty grade knots are sound  
and tight. 
Quality Knotty (QK) Natural growth  
characteristics are not limited as  
stringently as in Select Knotty.
Proprietary Graded to the manufacturer’s  
specification to meet the intended use. 
YOUR SOURCE FOR EVERYTHING 
WESTERN RED CEDAR
Western Red Cedar
An Overview  
of Grades
Russin maintains an extensive inventory of high quality 
Western Red Cedar products from many of the world’s 
very best manufacturers. This catalog is a guide to the 
many different grades and sizes of Western Red Cedar 
products typically stocked and distributed throughout  
all of our sales territories. 
Our commitment to Western Red Cedar is enhanced 
by our ability to add value for our customers by  
providing custom remanufacturing and machine- 
applied coating services. All work is completed 
promptly on-site at our state-of-the-art facilities. 
Russin has distributed Western Red Cedar for over  
fifty years and is proud to be a certified distributor  
of the Western Red Cedar Lumber Association.  
Our purchasing expertise and outstanding supplier 
relationships enable us to meet many special requests. 
From architect specified items to special packaging 
and tallies we work to find solutions for all project 
needs. Please contact your sales associate for  
more information.