CUSTOM FACTORY 
FINISHING
We’re proud to be certified applicators of both Benjamin Moore and Sherwin 
Williams products. This means that they’ve visited our facilities and we’ve been 
trained in proper application of their products. Because of this status, we’re able  
to offer finishes from these companies at a factory discounted rate.
Western Red Cedar
Add Value with Custom Manufacturing and Machine-Applied Coating Services from Russin! 
Coatings Expertly Applied On-Site at Russin Factory Finishing
Add warranty protection with machine applied coatings from Russin Factory Finishing. 
Coatings are applied under ideal conditions of temperature and humidity at our  
state-of-the-art machine-applied coatings facility. All work promptly completed on-site. 
Custom Architect-Specified Projects are Easy with Our On-Site Weinig Moulder
Need a custom pattern in Western Red Cedar? No problem, Russin has the answer.  
Produced by Weinig, one of the world’s highest-quality lumber equipment  
manufacturers, our moulder was installed recently in our Montgomery, NY facility. 
From Narrow to Wide and Thick to Thin…You Specify It and We Can Do It!
Custom profiles of siding and paneling… historical reproductions…virtually  
whatever you need in either small or large quantities can be accurately produced  
in an amazingly short period of time. 
Many Different Types of Coatings Are Available Depending Upon  
The Desired Effect. The Following Benjamin Moore and Cabot  
Machine-Applied Coatings Are Recommended for Western Red Cedar:
Illustrated below are different coating effects all shown on the same  
Western Red Cedar bevel siding substrate. 
 
Benjamin Moore®  
Premium Translucent 326
•  VOC compliant formula 
dries faster 
•  Tung oil resin penetrates  
deep in both hard and  
soft woods 
• Offers a larger color selection
Benjamin Moore® Premium  
Alkyd Semi Transparent  
Deck & Siding Stain 328
•  VOC compliant formula dries  
to a hard, matte finish within  
24-48 hours
•  A larger color selection that  
dries faster
Semi-Transparent Deck  
and Siding Stain
•  Lightly pigmented to  
accentuate wood grain
•  Water-repellent and  
UV protection
• One-coat application
Australian Timber Oil
• Ideal for decking & siding 
•  Available in five colors
•  Three-way oil protection  
for superior penetration
Wood Toned Deck and Siding Stain
•  Translucent oil finish that  
protects and beautifies  
woods natural appearance
• Available in five colors
•  Water repellent;  
deep penetrating
Benjamin Moore® Arborcoat  
Exterior Stain - Solid 6401
•   Suitable for use on all types of  
wood and composite siding
• Superior UV protection
•  Resists blistering, peeling,  
stains and scuffs
•  Excellent touch up and  
re-coat properties
• Mildew resistant 
Solid StainSemi-trans. StainToned SealerClear SealerRaw Cedar Paint
Primer